#21179 add article about flotiq & pabbly integration to flotiq universe (#245)
flotiq/flotiq-docs: docs/Universe/pabbly.md

title: Flotiq Pabbly integration | Flotiq docs
description: Flotiq allows you to integrate your content with any system easily.

# Flotiq and Pabbly integration

## Introduction

For the purposes of this tutorial, we will create a pipeline that sends an email with the invitation for new event, when

> new event is created. We are going store the email list and the list of events in Flotiq cms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new event is created. We will store the email list and the list of events in Flotiq cms.
```
We are going store would be okay if that would be store hunting :)

Unfortunately there is no dedicated Pabbly Connect trigger for Flotiq yet, so in this tutorial we will use Pabbly
webhook trigger with [Flotiq custom webhooks](https://flotiq.com/docs/panel/webhooks/){target="_blank"}.

## Preparation

To start working on the sample integration of Flotiq with Pabbly Connect we need to start by creating two CTDs (content
type definitions) and some sample COs (content objects)

Let's start by preparing the CTD `Event`. This CTD is one of the blueprints we have predefined, so all you have to do is
select it from the list and the CTD will be created automatically

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-add-ctd-in-flotiq-1.png){: .center .width75 .border}

There is nothing left to do but save our CTD for the event and move on to the next step. Don’t forget to Save your
changes.

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-add-ctd-in-flotiq-2.png){: .center .width75 .border}

Now we will create a CTD for the mailing list from which we will take the email addresses to which we will send our
invitations.

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-add-ctd-in-flotiq-3.png){: .center .width75 .border}

> We will store email, first name, last name and date of birth in our mailing list. After creating all the fields, click "
> Save".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will store the email, first name, last name, and date of birth on our mailing list. After creating all the fields, click "
Save".
```
Missing `the`, and in Polish we would use `in`, but in English `on` will be more fitting

Pabbly Connect.

After creating an account, navigate to the dashboard and click on 'Create Workflow'.

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-create-workflow-1.png){: .center .width75 .border}

Choose a name for your workflow and click "Create"

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-create-workflow-2.png){: .center .width75 .border}

Now we have to choose a trigger for our workflow, in our case it will be a Webhook because Flotiq can generate a webhook
when creating a new object (in our case an event) to which we want to send invitations to people from the mailing list.

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-create-workflow-3.png){: .center .width75 .border}

Then select the "Catch Webhook" option:

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-create-workflow-4.png){: .center .width75 .border}

Now, it's important to save the 'Webhook URL' generated by Pabbly because we will need it when setting up the webhook in
Flotiq.

![](images/pabbly/pabbly-configure-webhook-1.png){: .center .width75 .border}

### Creating webhook in Fltoiq

Webhooks are a way to notify external systems when a specific event happens in Flotiq. They enable seamless integrations
with a wide range of other systems by triggering actions based on defined events.

!!! note

>     You can read more about Flotiq webhook’s [there](https://flotiq.com/docs/panel/webhooks/){target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Read more about webhook in [Flotiq documentation] (https://flotiq.com/docs/panel/webhooks/){target="_blank"}
```
We need to keep the links with correct descriptions for crowlers
